Aesthetic
=========

Here are some ideas to increase the *A E S T H E T I C* value of your
desktop which i may or may not have used myself.

Any OS
======

**Mythological Hostnames** - Change the Hostname (or computername as
it's known in windows terms) to that of Mythological beings. Personally
i name desktop devices after mythological gods or significant characters
in mythology and mobile devices after mythological creatures but you can
do it however you want.

Windows only
============

**Magi Drives** - Change the names of your drives to that of the Magi
supercomputer from Neon Genesis Evangelion. So that would be: Casper,
Balthasar and Melchior. Assign fitting drive letters as well (so C: for
Casper and M: for Melchior). These names are based on the 3 kings that
came to visit jesus when he was born, so if you're into religious
stories/history i suppose you could also use this.

Linux only
==========

**Animal Crossing Backgrounds** - In Animal Crossing you have a specific
song that will play at every hour of the day, so in total 24 songs. You
can do the same for your desktop but with backgrounds. This requires a
bit of work since you need to make 24 different backgrounds and you also
need to **COPE** with the fact that you probably won't see some of the
backgrounds planned for ludricrous times (5AM for example). But the devs
of Animal Crossing probably thought the same when they did the same for
the music. I have a
[script](https://github.com/marcello505/configfiles/blob/master/.scripts/clockbackgrounds.sh)
made for this specific purpose but i haven't tested it yet. I'm pretty
sure it would work though. You can probably achieve the same result with
Windows but you're on your own for that. If you wanna go all out you can
also make a small jingle for every hour of the day but i feel like that
would get annoying quick.
